[DOC][CC] Only IR model is supported by CC for now, other model format need to convert to IR first for enabling CC (#25448)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/dev/conditional_compilation.md

## Limitations

* Currently, Ninja build system is not supported for the conditional compilation build.

> * Currently, only IR model is supported by conditional compilation. The other model format need to convert to IR first for enabling conditional compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, only IR model is supported by conditional compilation. Other model formats (tflite, onnx etc) need convert to IR first for enabling conditional compilation.
```

> * Currently, only IR model is supported by conditional compilation. The other model format need to convert to IR first for enabling conditional compilation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Currently, only the OpenVINO IR model is supported by conditional compilation. The models of other frameworks (Pytorch, Tensorflow, Caffe etc.) need to be converted to IR first in order to enable conditional compilation.
```
